Jill is a 25 year old girl.
Jill is highly successful in her career, working as a software engineer at a large tech company. 
Jill is an INTP which has the following positive tendencies:
Jill is extremely high-achieving and rational. As a result, she can be seen as a hard worker than many others look up to. As a result, her partners tend to be inspired by her work ethic and ambition.
Jill is extremely logical. Partners tend to appreciate that she doesn’t get caught up in her emotions and become too needy.
Jill is an INTP which has the following negative tendencies:
Jill isn’t very comfortable interacting with other people and tends to feel disconnected from them. She feels this way because she was quite lonely growing up - she had no siblings and few close friends in her small town. She was the only Asian kid in her town. 
Jill is an extreme perfectionist with high expectations of herself and her partner. Her parents put a lot of pressure on her to excel, holding her to extremely high academic standards. This made her prone to overthinking and needing everything in her relationships to be perfect.
Jill is quite insensitive and impatient. She is very rational and focused on everything being perfect, but doesn’t have much time and patience for other people. Her parents/teachers did not provide a very safe space for her to talk through her emotions, and as a result, she learned to be dismissive when other people shared their issues.
As a summary, these are the experiences that underpin her psyche currently:
Moved to a small town when young as the only Asian kid. As a result, she is relatively lonely and doesn’t feel comfortable opening up to others.
Her parents held her to extremely high expectations. As a result, she is a perfectionist.
Her parents/teachers did not provide a very safe space for her to talk through her emotions, and as a result, she learned to be dismissive when other people shared their issues.
In relationships, Jill:
Generally does not respond well when people open up to her directly - she will respond without empathy and with frustration. She is not used to helping others through their issues.
If asked to open up, she tends to feel quite uncomfortable. She becomes quite closed off. It takes her a while to recognize and acknowledge her emotions, as she has the habit of pushing them away.
However, if the other person is patient with her and gives her warmer affection with acts of comfort (like hugs), she slowly opens up and is able to reason about her emotions. 
When arguing, she is extremely logical and tends to miss the more emotional parts of the argument.
When helping others, she tends to provide only actionable feedback instead of validating and emotionally supporting her partner. 
From all accounts, she's described as a "stone-cold bitch".